RHDEVDOCS-5697-update: uncommenting builds using shipwright files (#67909)
openshift/openshift-docs: cicd/index.adoc

[id="openshift-builds"]
== OpenShift Builds
OpenShift Builds provides you the following options to configure and run a build:

* Builds using Shipwright is an extensible build framework based on the Shipwright project. You can use it to build container images on an {product-title} cluster. You can build container images from source code and Dockerfile by using image build tools, such as Source-to-Image (S2I) and Buildah.
+
For more information, see link:https://docs.openshift.com/builds/latest/about/overview-openshift-builds.html[Overview of Builds].

> * Builds using BuildConfig is a declarative build process to create cloud-native apps. You can define the build process in a YAML file that you use to create a `BuildConfig` object. This definition includes attributes such as build triggers, input parameters, and source code. When deployed, the `BuildConfig` object builds a runnable image and pushes the image to a container image registry. With the `BuildConfig` object, you can create a Docker, Source-to-image (S2I), or custom build.

Reviewer: Does `BuildConfig` need backticks and/or does it need a bit more description to clarify? Something like: Builds created using `BuildConfig` objects use a declarative build process to create cloud-native apps.

[id="openshift-builds"]
== OpenShift Builds
OpenShift Builds provides you the following options to configure and run a build:

> * Builds using Shipwright

Reviewer 2: This technically might be out of scope for this PR, but I think it might be best to structure the bullets for this one and the  "Builds using BuildConfig" one kind of like the ones here https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.14/architecture/architecture.html#architecture-platform-benefits_architecture. Reason I say that, Is there is some similar guidance in the ISG for punctuation https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-lists#punctuation-in-lists because at the very least "Builds using Shipwright" and "Builds using BuildConfig" need a period after them.

Author: fixed

+

> An extensible build framework based on the Shipwright project, which you can use to build container images on an {product-title} cluster. You can build container images from source code and Dockerfile by using image build tools, such as Source-to-Image (S2I) and Buildah.

Reviewer 2: This is just a suggestion but you could rephrase the bullet like:

```suggestion
Builds using Shipwright is an extensible build framework based on the Shipwright project. You can use it to build container images on an {product-title} cluster. You can also build container images from source code and Dockerfile by using image build tools, such as Source-to-Image (S2I) and Buildah.
+
For more information, see xref.....
```
Not sure about adding the "also" I'll let you be the judge of that.

Author: Fixed. `also` not required in this context.

+

> For more information, see link:https://docs.openshift.com/builds/latest/about/overview-openshift-builds.html[Overview of Builds].

Author: @opayne1, we have a separate standalone page for the builds using shipwright doc. This is why we have used link rather using xrefs. Even the overview of builds page you are seeing in the left navigation would redirect the user to that standalone page. We have set up a redirect link in the commercial.conf file to navigate users to[ our new standalone page](https://docs.openshift.com/builds/1.0/about/overview-openshift-builds.html).
